338 docs rfc the other half of the docs (#4199)
timescale/docs: tutorials/financial-tick-data/index.md

![candlestick](https://assets.timescale.com/docs/images/tutorials/intraday-stock-analysis/timescale_cloud_candlestick.png)

$TIMESCALE_DB is well suited to storing and analyzing financial candlestick data,

> and many $COMPANYcommunity members use it for exactly this purpose. Check out

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and many $COMPANY community members use it for exactly this purpose. Check out
```
